Manny and his family good people good
dog man just lost your dog recently
didn't you you know the most beautiful
thing is he's telling me the age of the
dog how old was a dog you know what I
mean I call myself a dog man I've never
had a dog to 14 you know and it it's a
very special thing so if you guys are
going to go and see kamalii yeah all
right
so how does he looking go toward him
again talking about he looks a lot
bigger in the brook as he's getting all
this time some will have the idea they
have the idea effect as a pastime well
you know any might you might save me a
few weeks food there so you know please
come in and enjoy look just approach him
again boy there's no training for it you
know natural instincts good boy good boy
good boy good boy okay so um you know I
was just it's really nice to have people
that have been following the work you
know for years and then finally you know
he's got his pup and this gentleman I
think what were three days into the well
when you called and he paid the full
amount you know didn't ask for any
discounts and you know because he
appreciates the work you know so what's
your opinion of your of your puppy
excellent seven weeks you know and
you've had dogs you know for many many
years yeah what's your favorite breed
before you were it's funny many of us
you know it's a shame what's going on
with the American Bulldog now you know
there's a shame you know a shame really
shame you know different level but
there's a lot of similarities you know a
lot of similarities you know is that is
that Magnus again that's your pup
you know ragging already thank you very
much it's for me too fantastic you know
to get some really good quality dog
people you know there's an umbrella as
well that's doing good working you know
what guys all we just say is this is
that you know it's not it's not one-man
show as everybody knows when you spell
out bully kutta there's no I in it you
know it's a community thing and let's
just try and you know get it right let's
try and retain the breed before we start
you know focusing on on out crossing but
I think I think Magnus was your own yeah
yeah yeah it's interesting because it
was both those pups that I was I was
looking at both him and ice so what do
you think of ice thank you very much
yeah I am I'm chops definitely thank you